fix: validator command in the doc and add some context (#846)
anza-xyz/agave: docs/src/operations/setup-a-validator.md

## Install The Solana CLI on Remote Machine

Your remote machine will need the Solana cli installed to run the validator

> software with the `sol` user. Refer again to

Author: The thing is before on the document, you wrote to create a sol user.
https://docs.solanalabs.com/operations/setup-a-validator#sol-user
I believe if you recommand to create a sol user, then installation CLI should be installed by this sol user right?
I was myself confuse if I had to install the CLI with the sol user or with the root user following each instructions on this page. I had to ask someone on the discord for clarification.

### Solana Validators

> After you have verified that your validator is in gossip, you need to stake some
> SOL to your validator. Then you can verify that your validator has joined the
> network using the `solana validators` command. The command lists all validators
> in the network, but like before, we can `grep` the output for the validator we
> care about:

Reviewer: This is a good addition, but I think it could be even more helpful to mention that the stake must be active (this has been a somewhat frequent question in Discord):

```suggestion
After you have verified that your validator is in gossip, you should stake some
SOL to your validator. Once the stake has activated (which happens at the start
of the next epoch), you can verify that your validator is ready to be a voting
participant of the network with the `solana validators` command. The command
lists all validators in the network, but like before, we can `grep` the output
for the validator we care about:
```
